as John F Kennedy
said there are risks and costs to a
program of action but they are far less
than the long range risks and costs of
comfortable
inaction there's just something about
the status quo that is literally
intoxicating you don't want to move you
don't want to put things at risk you
want to keep things as they are and I
get it change is scar
change may be one of the single most
paralyzing elements that we as humans
face that in your space in that little
area that you've carved out for yourself
it may be small and it may keep you less
than you could be but God damn it does
it feel good because it's safe because
you know your enemies you know where
everything is at you know all the things
that you need to know to feel
comfortable but in that Comfort is a
world that shrinks around you is a world
that literally is forcing you to confine
yourself to the size of that box it's
making you only as big as the space that
you've allowed yourself so whatever
change you refuse to embrace not only
does it freeze you in
time but it stunts your growth and if
you want to become something that is
literally the act of changing it is
literally the act of Rebirth of making
yourself something new but in that you
must face the terror of change you must
face that you may fail you must face
that you may embarrass yourself you have
to face that in the unknown could be the
worse but unless you're able to do that
you'll never get to taste the vastness
of living outside the box that merely
having a life that isn't confined is in
and of itself far more interesting and
beautiful than anything could ever be
when it is locked in one place when you
you have a box that has no windows your
world can be nothing but a
wall but when you have a window when you
have a
door that becomes an entryway into
something completely new and as Pablo
Picasso said action is the fundamental
key to all
success so if you want to succeed if you
want something more for your life you
have to be willing to walk through that
door and if you're in a box that has no
door then you've got to be willing to
kick one open you've got to be willing
to claw through feet of concrete if
that's what it takes to get on the other
side but you've got to be willing to
push yourself out of that comfort zone
to find out what could be to take
control of your destiny and realize the
fundamental human
truth only you control what you can
be and if you want to escape the one
thing you need is
belief and as Phil Knight said belief is
irresistible once you believe that you
can act in accordance with something
that will actually help move you forward
once you believe to the core of your
being that there is no one no one better
suited to building the life of your
dreams than you then suddenly safety
becomes the least safe thing that you
could do suddenly being in a space that
is so narrowly defined is the only thing
that's going to choke the life out of
you so the only real
risk is not to have faith in yourself
the only real risk is to stay put the
only real risk is to play it
safe so my friends find that belief in
yourself take that risk act move do
something Define a new life build a new
you that's the key to
success
[Music]